Choose your own device: Select a laptop (Windows/OSX), phone and tablet that suits the way you work - fully integrated to AZ systems.
Ubiquitous wifi - everywhere on AZ premises with fastest, up-to-date standards.
AZ App store - control all business apps through a modern app store that works on any device, allowing user to customise apps to their work.
Transfer email to cloud service so it can be accessible anywhere, on any device that you choose.
Replace deskphones with video conferencing services like Skype or Lync. Integrate with internal directory.
Use wearable devices (Google Glass, Samsung Galaxy Gear, other smart watches) for communication. Integrate with location services.
Transfer all apps to cloud-based: Access to all services from anywhere in the world - increased performance.
Generate 4G network along with wifi on AZ premises - redundant communications mean that you're always connected.
AZ public transport app - report services issues, suggest alternative routes.
AZ car commute app can find colleagues to share travel to work, help people stuck in traffic, find parking spaces automatically.
Smart car parking - signs to direct people to nearest parking space, integrate to smart in-car technology.
Street charge - provide charging stations around AZ premises where people can charge almost any device when they are on the go. Secondary effect of being social.
Self-service reception: Visitors check themselves in, system notifies host and gives visitors appropriate messages. Uses iBeacon technology.
Augmented reality wayfinding allows people to use smart devices to navigate internally. Bluetooth beacons provide location service.
Automated system for intelligent meeting rooms. Screens show bookings and cancellations. Manages video conferencing and presentations.
Work more effectively together with collaborative touch tables. Allow seamless sharing of documents more productive teamwork.
How to find somewhere to work in hotdesking environment? Smart Desks allows users to book desks, find free desks and customise desks.
Provide security and access control via facial recognition. Secure doors recognise you and automatically open if you have access.
Use wearable technology to monitor stress, regulate access, act as payment system for canteen, power up nearby systems as you approach.
Unify communications - no phone, just smartphones, VOIP and videoconferencing. Video Collaboration walls, and relaxation zones.
Flexible screens - tablet and phone in one. Samsung and LG are releasing foldable devices at the end of the year.
Collaboration wall - large screen which has effect of two people working on either side remotely. Better than existing video conference.
Smart building regulates heat according to individual, not by floor. Anticipates faults and delivers economies through green tech.
Smart communication boards recognise you via device or facial recognition and provide information tailored to you.
3D simulations of physiology - virtual surgery using large touch screens.
3D printing allows fast prototyping of physical objects and devices, or products (such as drugs) customised to individual.
Put next generation game consoles and mini-sports (table tennis/ football) into communal areas to encourage different people to mix and talk
Traffic camera so you can see what is going on around the nearby A roads